Hello to you from Tel Aviv region on edge tonight over fears of a wider Middle East war in the last hour Donald Trump says Iran's supreme leader is dead if confirmed it is a seismic moment for this whole area so far Iran has rejected the claims that he has been killed.
On what is a dramatic day with Israel and America launching a wave of a strikes on targets right across Iran. Several sites were hit in what Donald Trump has described as a successful mission. The Iranians have however hit back themselves with force right across the region.
Plumes of smoke were seen in an area of Bahrain near the headquarters of the US Navy's fifth fleet.
An airbase in Doha was also hit where there is a significant US military presence and this missile was captured on camera over Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
Thousands including tourists have been caught up in the strikes will have full coverage and assess what the implications could be for the Middle East but first Jeremy Bowen our international editor has the very latest on what's been going on today.
This was Ayatollah Ali Hamenei at the tomb of his predecessor at the end of January.If Israel has killed him as Donald Trump says the Islamic regime in Iran will have taken a huge blow.
One analyst called him the superglue keeping the system together.Israel and the US will hope that if he is dead the regime will come unstuck.
Benjamin Netanyahu said he was killed in a powerful strike on his compound in Tehran.
For three and a half decades this tyrant dispatched terrorism across the world, made his own people miserable and worked constantly and tirelessly on a program to annihilate the state of Israel.
That plan is there no longer and there are many signs that this tyrant is also no longer.
Satellite images show the destruction of the compound used by the supreme leader in Tehran.The Iranians say he was not there when it was attacked and told ABC News in America that he was safe and sound.
The Americans believe that this time their raw power can impose regime change on an enemy without creating a disaster.
The removal of Iraq's Saddam Hussein in 2003 led to a catastrophe, long years of war that incubated jihadist extremist movements that still exist.
The Americans released video of their targets with Israel they believe the economic and political weakness of the Islamic regime in Iran gives them an opportunity to strike that they have to take.
Israel and the US went back to war with Iran just after breakfast time in Tehran hitting the capital and sites across the country.
It's hard to get information about what's happening there. Video of an attack on a school in southern Iran is circulating.
Iranian State TV was reporting 85 killed.This is a dangerous moment with unpredictable consequences in the world's most turbulent region.
Israel said the whole operation is a preemptive attack without producing evidence of an imminent threat.
Siren sounded immediately in Israel.War is political and this is a war of choice aimed at changing the regime in Iran.
Iran tried to deliver on its thread of a devastating response aimed at the extensive network of US bases in the Gulf.This was Qatar as well as Israel.
Go go go.
Get in get inside.
In Dubai tourists looking for winter sun had a nasty reminder of the region's realities.
Close by in Bahrain this appears to be a strike aimed at the big US naval base.Iran says it will use more powerful missiles than the ones it fired in last summer's war.
An interceptor rocket went up.Iran will hope that as the days passed the US and Israel will start running out of defensive missiles.
In Tehran regime supporters rallied around the flag.It would take more than killing the supreme leader to destroy the regime.
It has a complex political system underpinned by ideology corruption and the ruthless use of force against the sent.
In January big protests against the regime and the economic crisis were crushed with live bullets that killed thousands of people.
Donald Trump promised to protect them and seems to believe that the regime will fall if they try again after America and Israel's onslaught.
At dusk the Fairmont Hotel on Dubai's Palm was hit.It isn't clear if it was targeted or if this was caused by missile debris from an interception the fire took hold.
And this was Bahrain.More devastation.Iran has a big arsenal of accurate short range missiles.Iran's leaders will now be calculating how to write out the war,how to survive and how to manage.
It's consequences.
Well tonight the United Nations Security Council is holding an emergency meeting to discuss today's extraordinary events and these are live pictures from the session in New York.
The Secretary General Antonio Guterres warned that today's military action risks triggering uncontrollable consequences for the Middle East.
Well this evening Donald Trump said he believes a large number of Iran's leaders have also been killed.The president said the operation has been a success.Let's go live to Sarah Smith who's at the White House Forest tonight.
Sara the president seems happy with today's events.He has dealt a blow to the Iranian regime taken out some of the leadership and he says taken out the supreme leader too.
Yeah he announced that on histruth social media site and when he said that Ayatollah Khomeini had been killed he described him as one of the most evil people in history.
And then went on to say this is now the single greatest chance for Iranians to take back their country.
And he's also been talking on the phone to a number of American journalists describing the operation so far as a tremendous success and saying he believes that quite a large proportion of the Iranian leadership have now been killed.
The White House has released photos of President Trump monitoring operations in a specially constructed facility in Mar-a-Lago.
Alongside him are the Secretary of State Marco Rubio and his chief of staff Susie Wiles.
Vice President JD Vance is seen in the White House situation room in Washington.
Darled Trump posted a video on social media at 2.30 in the morning to inform the American people he had launched a massive attack on Iran.
Our objective is to defend the American people by eliminating imminent threats from the Iranian regime.
A vicious group of very hard terrible people.
It's menacing activities directly in danger.
The United States our troops our bases overseas and our allies throughout the world.
Just hours earlier he was campaigning in Texas in a hamburger joint giving no hint of the planned assault.
I'm going to get some stuff for Air Force One and I'm going to get the hell out of here all right.
Not much later he was describing how he plans to stop Iran developing a nuclear weapon.
We're going to destroy their missiles and raise their missile industry to the ground.
It will be totally again obliterated.
Last year President Trump addressed thousands of American troops stationed in the Middle East
telling them his priorities to end conflicts not start them.
Now he's warning of casualties and fatalities.
The lives of courageous American heroes may be lost and we may have casualties that often happens in war.
But we're doing this not for now we're doing this for the future and it is a noble mission.
When the US launched B-2 bombers to attack Iran last year the action was limited to nuclear sites.
Now he says the Iranian people have the chance to overthrow the ruling regime.
Now is the time to seize control of your destiny and to unleash the prosperous and glorious future that is close within your reach.
This is the moment for action do not let it pass.
Donald Trump has railed against previous American attempts at regime change in Iraq and Afghanistan.
He is not planning to invade Iran.
He hopes he can overthrow its leadership without putting American boots on the ground.
Sara Smith BBC News Washington
Well in the Iranian capital Tehran there's been loud cheers to celebrate the reported death of the country's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
has been the figurehead of the Islamic Republic for more than three decades.
Seven missiles hit the presidential palace and there have been strikes around his compound.
Bharana Basi from the BBC's Persian Service reports now in a warning it contains distressing images.
Cheers ringing out from residential buildings in Tehran.
After Israeli media reported the death of Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Claims Tehran has dismissed as psychological warfare.
News that if confirmed would be welcomed by many Iranians who suffered under his rule for nearly four decades.
This is how the day began.
Panic on the streets of Tehran around 9.40am a working day in Iran when loud explosions were heard across the country.
War has started near our office down in Palestine street.
All the buildings were shaking.
The streets are full of terrified people.
At the same time a sense of relief for some and at this school teenagers celebrate.
In early January shocking pictures were shared with the world of thousands of people killed when government forces opened fire on protesters calling for regime change.
The brutality left many believing only military intervention could topple the regime.
But public sentiment could shift sharply if civilians are killed in the attacks.
Many Iranians reacted with anger after state media reported that an Israeli strike on a girl's school killed dozens.
The first victims of this war are girls in Minab hit by a missile attack.
Is this the war you cheer for?
A mixture of emotions.
For some a fear that more violence is yet to come.
For others a sense that the regime's hold could finally be challenged.
The country is scarred by months of protests and deadly crackdowns on certainty rains.
As the smoke clears Iranians are left to face the consequences and to hope for a future beyond fear.
Baron Abbas CBC News